Document topy usage on git repositories (#18)
intgr/topy: README.rst

      -r FILE, --rules=FILE
                            specify custom ruleset file to use

> For example, if you want to integrate topy in your CI test, you may want to do something like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you want to integrate topy in your CI pipeline, you can do something like::
```

>     bash -c "git ls-files | xargs topy --quiet --apply; git --no-pager diff --exit-code"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    sh -c "git ls-files | xargs topy --quiet --apply --; git --no-pager diff --exit-code"
```

The line above will check all files tracked by git, apply fixes to them and fail if any changes are applied.

> If no changes are to be applied, the command return success.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no changes are to be applied, the command returns success.
```
